README.md, before:

# iTunes Library XML Viewer

A web-based viewer for iTunes Library XML files built with Next.js. View your old iTunes library data including playlists, songs, albums and artists.

## Features

- Drag & drop iTunes Library XML file import
- View songs, albums, artists and playlists
- Search functionality across all views
- Sortable columns for song lists
- Quick links to search songs on Spotify
- Responsive design

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 15
- React 19
- TypeScript
- TailwindCSS
- react-dropzone for file handling
- fast-xml-parser for XML parsing

## Running Locally

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/blackhaj/itunes-library-viewer.git
cd itunes-library-viewer
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Start the development server

```bash
pnpm dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## How to Use

1. Find your `iTunes Library.xml` file (for old libraries it was stored in the iTunes Media folder)

2. Visit the application in your browser
3. Drag and drop your iTunes Library XML file onto the upload area
4. Browse your library using the left menu to switch between different views

## Development

This project was build mainly with AI. So all the bad code was the AI's fault and the good code was mine.

## License

MIT

## Contributing

I will not be updating this project.

Commit message:

chore: make clear this is not affiliated with Apple

README.md, after:

# iTunes Library XML Viewer

> Not affiliated with Apple Inc. or iTunes in any way.

A web-based viewer for iTunes Library XML files built with Next.js. View your old iTunes library data including playlists, songs, albums and artists.

## Features

- Drag & drop iTunes Library XML file import
- View songs, albums, artists and playlists
- Search functionality across all views
- Sortable columns for song lists
- Quick links to search songs on Spotify
- Responsive design

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 15
- React 19
- TypeScript
- TailwindCSS
- react-dropzone for file handling
- fast-xml-parser for XML parsing

## Running Locally

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/blackhaj/itunes-library-viewer.git
cd itunes-library-viewer
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Start the development server

```bash
pnpm dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## How to Use

1. Find your `iTunes Library.xml` file (for old libraries it was stored in the iTunes Media folder)

2. Visit the application in your browser
3. Drag and drop your iTunes Library XML file onto the upload area
4. Browse your library using the left menu to switch between different views

## Development

This project was build mainly with AI. So all the bad code was the AI's fault and the good code was mine.

## License

MIT

## Contributing

I will not be updating this project.
